GM, GM, all right, let's get after it.
Grab your stimulants, grab your fucking coffee,
grab your red bull, your zins, your loosies, your sigs,
whatever floats your boat, notes, fucking notepad and a pen,
and let's get the fuck after it.
All right, here's the deal.
We're gonna be going over organic content.
So the two main types of organic content are faceless and UGC.
Faceless, think of anything that you can rip and run
with an editor and UGC, think of anything that is using
an actual like human to film themselves, film a hook,
and then demo the app of some sort, maybe film a skit.
So diving into this, we will go through Riz, Riz GPT,
if you guys know Mr. Blake Anderson.
They basically perfected, I would say this format of,
I'll pause real quickly, they basically perfected this
format of like Minecraft parkour/dope-meen-hitting videos
in the background with a text chat to show like a guy
having Riz, and so let's just watch this.
Okay, you guys get the point.
Another one would be, here we go.
I watched 243,000.
So keep in mind, it says almost 350,000 likes.
It has a direct plug in the caption of the video.
And with that said.
- 169, I talked videos, I bet you can't be bad.
- What?
How does that even pop?
- I watched so many videos, I've already lost count.
- But if you lost count, how do you know exactly
how many videos you've lost?
- It's really simple.
- Okay, if you comment, it will show up for you.
- No way, that's true.
I'm not sure if it's the record.
- Why?
- I've watched 549,176.
- All right, yeah.
- I'm not even here to talk about something else.
- What is it?
- Did you cheat on me with Mia?
- I didn't mind reading, it's you, it's my mom.
Even in my dreams, it's you who feels my thoughts.
- That's true, you're my boyfriend,
and I should be kidding me right now.
- I'm waiting for you, babe.
- But still, why did I talk about cheating on me
when you were done?
- I don't know.
- That's not fair.
- All right, guys, it's not your fault
if your girls dream about cheating on you.
Happens all the time.
But yeah, so Riz pops in, gives their plug
about 30 seconds in the video.
People are like, "Holy shit, this is great, this is smart.
I can't talk to girls."
Fun fact, Blake actually built Riz
because he struggled to talk to girls.
Just kidding, but love the shit on that guy anyway for fun.
So next one is Pray.
So you'll see Pray, just so you guys are aware,
is a prayer app, right?
This is the landing page.
When it comes down to their content though,
they post podcasts.
It's literally a podcast about someone
with a celebrity, someone with a lot of influential power
that is talking about God and prayer.
(mumbling)
And then at the end, it plugspray.com.
So, another one that they do is the AI Bible chat.
So this is where you can see these range of views
from almost 250,000 views, 230,000 views,
but it's stories about the Bible using AI, obviously,
which is something that I highly recommend
a lot of you guys get into and learn
is how can you leverage AI to your advantage in this game?
Another one is for Quitter.
This one's pretty fucking funny.
We have this account called the Goon Police
because we realize that all of these only fan models
were just ripping views, just being trashy online
as the word I guess I'll use.
And so we have this Goon Police model.
(mumbling)
(bell ringing)
- Have a cauldron, bro.
(mumbling)
- So, the whole point with this account is we built a,
our own basically theme page, right?
From influences to other theme pages
around our own faceless format.
And so we combined the two and created the Goon Police
for Quitter.
And we grew this like 10,000 followers
in like less than two, three weeks.
So, that's another way you can do it.
Full transparency, like I said, we just have editors
that we started this idea, told them what to do.
They started cooking it up and we just mass post.
Another one is styles like this,
which we posted on our actual Quitter account.
No audio, funny enough, and it's simply just rage bait.
Right, so like this literally rage baits, comments,
like no other because it's literally saying,
everyone's a gooner except August and July.
So, and gooning is obviously a hot topic.
People wanna talk about it.
There you go.
Another one is UGC.
So, UGC like I said, is just someone filming.
So, just a pretense.
This is for the Haven, which is a Bible app.
And this is what she did.
- This is starting to share more about my faith online
and how I got baptized and gave my life to Jesus.
But we really know much about God
that I used one by the new man, Tommy.
- It's a two minute video.
I don't think we don't watch this together.
So, here.
- You didn't give me stocks for sure.
Okay, so that's what's called Amen.
And it's a AI garden.
- So, I don't obviously recommend doing it.
Obviously, it meant 30 in, but I'm assuming that she also,
yeah, I'm retarded.
See, she's an influencer.
That's on me.
But the point is, is that you can rip and run styles
like that for organic.
Here's another one.
(upbeat music)
So, this one is crazy case studies.
So, Ray's, our boy, Seb, launched this, ripped it,
and it's got taken off the app store,
but they did very well with organic.
And so, what they did is they had these girls
film these before and after pictures.
They filmed themselves with hooks,
for example, like how to get 10 if you never get 10,
showed the app and this, I think, video got
millions of views.
Where is it?
Yeah, 4.5 million.
Another one is here.
So, this is a Turbo Learn organic content creator.
So, Turbo Learn is obviously an edtech platform
to help you to, I know it's really study.
And so.
(upbeat music)
(indistinct)
This got 2.5 million likes.
This account is organic.
So, you'll see a lot of times,
a lot of softwares and apps will have one creator,
usually like a college student or someone recently graduated
looking to make money outside of school.
Just rip styles.
So, this girl is actually ripping styles.
Like that style we just watched, she ripped that, what?
10, 15 more times.
But she only went viral in that one video we saw,
which was, where was it?
10.4 million views.
And all those other ones got low views,
except this one got $250,000 views.
That's usually the game here.
You want multiple creators posting multiple times
to hit the algorithm and go viral.
(upbeat music)
Last one is, so this is a skit style you'll see.
And so, what this does is put the user
in the frame of reference that they're a student
and they just got like in trouble from school.
Now, you guys should know these are all staged,
but the viewer on TikTok who watches does not know that.
(upbeat music)
So, this was on one of their accounts last year,
but that is, I would say, faceless and UGC in a nutshell.
You should have a really good idea
of like, what is faceless content, what is UGC?
In faceless, you could also see things
like Carousel posts, UGC, you could also see different content.
Some people do post like founder led content,
but when it comes to content like that,
we are not gonna dive into that
because we think the highest levers that you can do
are leveraging faceless and leveraging UGC
to take over the algorithm, take over social media
and push your app to the masses.